Readme.md, before:

## This is my first react code

# ------------- Day 1 -------------
 1. Created first React Hello World code.
 2. Added react in the project using cdn links and understood the how cdn works.
 3. Created nested tags and understood the working.

# ------------- Day 2 -------------
 1. Push the code the github.
 2. Leanr some basics about git.

# ------------- Day 3 -------------
 1. Learn about npm and working and initialise the project via npm.
 2. install the parcel dependency (dev-dependency).
 3. Understood what is node modules,  package.json and package-lock.json file and their significance.

# ------------- Day 4 -------------
 1. Learn what is .gitignore and how to use.
 2. Working of parcel.
 3. Importance and how to use parcel.
 4. Locally hosted the app using parcel (npx parcel index.html --open)
 5. How to build prod-build - npx parcel build index.html
 6. What is dist file (created after the build).
 7. Looked and use browserlist. 
 8. Understood how to support our application to all(majority) browsers (using browsers list).


 # ------------- Day 5 -------------
 1. Undertood what is JSX and its working.
 2. How jsx works.
 3. Difference of jsx and html, js.

 # ------------- Day 6 -------------
 1. Why JSX code is more reliable in development perspective as compare to React and ReactDOM.
 2. Understood the basics for jsx.
 3. Single and multi line code for jsx.

  # ------------- Day 7 --------------
  1. Learn about the React Components.
  2. Understood Functional Component & Class Component
  3. Uses, how to use and different approches to use functional component.
  4. JSX escape any malacious data that may come from bad api or any where else.
  5. JSE sanitizes all the malicious data .

  # ------------- Day 8 --------------
  1. Started building an Food Ordering App.
  2. Understood the requirements.
  3. Made a simple planning for the UI design for the food ordering app.
  4. Made a low level planning for the structure, which and what components can be used.
  5. Added a App-Component and Header Component for building food ordering app.
  6. Added some styling for App-component & Header.

  # ------------- Day 9 --------------
  1. Started wotking on body.
  2. Added Search bar, Restaurant cards and some styling;

Commit message:

Added all dyamaic data from swiggy api

Readme.md, after:

## This is my first react code

# ------------- Day 1 -------------
 1. Created first React Hello World code.
 2. Added react in the project using cdn links and understood the how cdn works.
 3. Created nested tags and understood the working.

# ------------- Day 2 -------------
 1. Push the code the github.
 2. Leanr some basics about git.

# ------------- Day 3 -------------
 1. Learn about npm and working and initialise the project via npm.
 2. install the parcel dependency (dev-dependency).
 3. Understood what is node modules,  package.json and package-lock.json file and their significance.

# ------------- Day 4 -------------
 1. Learn what is .gitignore and how to use.
 2. Working of parcel.
 3. Importance and how to use parcel.
 4. Locally hosted the app using parcel (npx parcel index.html --open)
 5. How to build prod-build - npx parcel build index.html
 6. What is dist file (created after the build).
 7. Looked and use browserlist. 
 8. Understood how to support our application to all(majority) browsers (using browsers list).


 # ------------- Day 5 -------------
 1. Undertood what is JSX and its working.
 2. How jsx works.
 3. Difference of jsx and html, js.

 # ------------- Day 6 -------------
 1. Why JSX code is more reliable in development perspective as compare to React and ReactDOM.
 2. Understood the basics for jsx.
 3. Single and multi line code for jsx.

  # ------------- Day 7 --------------
  1. Learn about the React Components.
  2. Understood Functional Component & Class Component
  3. Uses, how to use and different approches to use functional component.
  4. JSX escape any malacious data that may come from bad api or any where else.
  5. JSE sanitizes all the malicious data .

  # ------------- Day 8 --------------
  1. Started building an Food Ordering App.
  2. Understood the requirements.
  3. Made a simple planning for the UI design for the food ordering app.
  4. Made a low level planning for the structure, which and what components can be used.
  5. Added a App-Component and Header Component for building food ordering app.
  6. Added some styling for App-component & Header.

  # ------------- Day 9 --------------
  1. Started wotking on body.
  2. Added Search bar, Restaurant cards and some styling.
  3. Added dyanamic data for all restaurant data (swiggy api).
  4. Understood what is props in react (acts as in arguments as at the end it is a function) .
  5. Shown the restaurant cards dyanamic from the real data (Swiggy API).
